Shop and save with Cash Back, coupons, online discounts, best buys and sale deals at more than 2,000 retail and wholesale stores.
Buy at Groupon, eBay, Macy s, Target and many more to earn Cash Back rewards. Download and let the savings begin!

Ebates makes it fast and easy to shop online with the hottest discounts and sales. Browse hot deals, coupons or promo codes and click  Shop  to immediately activate your offers.

Sign up for a free account and start earning up to 40% Cash Back, today! Plus, get a $10 bonus now when you make your first purchase through the Ebates app.

EBATES FEATURES:

HOT DEALS ON THE BEST PRODUCTS
Find hot deals every week to maximize your savings. Save money on clothing, shoes, accessories, toys, home goods, kitchen appliances, electronics, sports, outdoor gear and more! You can even compare prices by scanning the barcode to compare and find the best places to buy online.

CASH BACK DEALS AND OFFERS
Earn up to 40% cash back at over 2,000 stores when you redeem thousands of top offers, discounts and promo codes. Get exclusive promotions, free shipping and notifications of special offers at your favorite stores.

COUPONS FOR YOUR FAVORITE STORES
Get all of your favorite products from: Amazon, Groupon, eBay, Bed Bath & Beyond, Nordstrom, Sephora, JCPenney, Kohl  s, Expedia, Home Depot, Groupon, Walmart, Ann Taylor, Bloomingdales, Carter s, GNC, Kate Spade, Macy s, Nautica, Office Depot, Overstock, Under Armour, Walgreens and many more!

LUXURY DEALS
Treat yourself with Cash Back offers and free shipping on tons of brand-name products like Nordstrom, Kate Spade, Sephora, Neiman Marcus and more.

DOUBLE CASH BACK AND IN-STORE DEALS
Get notified of special offers and sales directly from the app! Browse stores that offer Double Cash Back during special promotions. Add your credit and debit cards to receive In-Store Cash Back rewards and offers.

BUY PRODUCTS WITH THE SHOPPING BROWSER
Activate deals from your favorite stores through the Ebates browser. Simply add items to the cart when you shop and checkout directly on the app. Compatible stores include Aeropostale, Ashford, Backcountry.com, Cabela  s, Disney Store, Gamestop, Joe  s New Balance, Lancome, Nike, Overstock.com, Staples, ThinkGeek, UNIQLO and YOOX.

FIND THE PERFECT GIFT
Find the best offers on gifts for birthdays and special occasions, available exclusively through Ebates. Get discounts on all the best gifts for your friends and family with tons of outstanding Cash Back opportunities!

MY EBATES ACCOUNT
Access your Ebates account to see your favorite stores, receive coupons and check shopping history. See what  s coming soon from your favorite brands and watch your total Cash Back balance grow the more you shop!

SALES ALERTS & NOTIFICATIONS
Get the best coupons and special promotions by setting alerts and notifications. Set push notifications for trending deals, payment alerts and anytime you earn Cash Back.

REFER A FRIEND
Invite a friend to join Ebates to earn $25, 2 friends for $50, 3 friends for $75, 10 friends for $150, $25 friends for $400, 50 friends for $850 and 100 friends for $2,000! There  s no limit on how much you can earn. Share your personalized referral link via Facebook, email, or text directly to your contacts.

Shop with the Ebates app to save with Cash Back coupons, special deals, discounts, cash offers and more! Get the best savings from all of your favorite stores.

Download Ebates today and let the savings begin!

Note: Ebates may use your location to help find stores with Cash Back. Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life.