Maps The Maps app helps you find places that interest you, and it provides personalized recommendations and step-by-step directions for getting there by car, public transportation, or walking. These places can be nearby your current location, or you can use Maps to virtually explore another place before you visit. Get to know the Maps apps Most of the surface area of this app is taken up by the map view, and it will automatically find your location if possible and navigate there when the app starts. But if you look closely, you ll see some controls, including Search and Directions choices in the top left and other buttons Map views, Saved places, Windows Ink toolbar, Account, and See more in the top right. Addition Maps features, like Traffic and 3D Cities, are available via the See more menu. 362 Maps 363 Maps also uses a floating toolbar for navigating in and controlling the map view. Like a web browser, Maps also supports multiple tabs, each of which provides its own map view. You can t create tabs manually, but each time you search for a location, a new tab is created. You can see these tabs in the upper part of the Maps window to the right of the Search and Directions buttons. Tabs work as you d expect. You can close a tab at any time by selecting its Close ( X ) button or by typing CTRL + W. You can switch between tabs by selecting one with your mouse or by typing CTRL + TAB (or CTRL + SHIFT + TAB). And you can close all tabs by right-clicking in the tabs area and selecting Close all tabs from the pop-up menu that appears. If you sign-in to Windows with a Microsoft account, Maps will automatically sync your saved places and search history to all of your devices, which is quite useful. Otherwise, click the Account bubble at the top right of the app window to sign-in to your Microsoft account. Maps 364 Navigate and change the view To navigate around the map view, press the arrow keys on your keyboard to move up, down, left, and right, respectively. Or, grab an area of the map with your mouse and drag in the direction you prefer. Those with a touch-based PC can also navigate around the map view by panning, pinching and stretching with their fingers. This works similarly to using a maps app on a modern smartphone. Use the navigation toolbar You can also access the navigation and view controls found in the vertical toolbar on the far right of the app. The following controls are available. Rotate North to top. Select this button to reorient the map so that north is up. Rotate counterclockwise or clockwise. If you mouse-over the Rotate North to top toolbar button, two additional buttons, for Rotate counterclockwise and Rotate clockwise, will appear to that button s left and right, respectively. You can also type CTRL + RIGHT ARROW or CTRL + LEFT ARROW to rotate the display. Those with a touch display can drag the Rotate North to top button left or right to rotate the display. Tilt. Select this button to toggle the tilt of the display between the default flat view and a 3D tilted view. Tilt down and Tilt up. You can also use the Tilt control to tilt the map in differing amounts. When you mouse over it, two additional buttons will appear to indicate that you can tilt up and tilt down. Maps 365 You can also type CTRL + UP ARROW for tilt up, and CTRL + DOWN ARROW for tilt down. With a touch display, you can also drag the Tilt button left or right to tilt the display. Show my location. Sometimes when you pan around a map too much, you can lose track of your current location. To display your location in the center of the map again, select this button. You can also type CTRL + HOME to navigate to your current location. Zoom in and Zoom out. The bottom two buttons in the Maps toolbar let you zoom in and out on the map display. You can also type CTRL + + (that is, CTRL and the plus key on your keyboard) to zoom in, and CTRL + - (that is, CTRL and the minus key on your keyboard) to zoom out. If your mouse has a scroll wheel, it can also be used to zoom in and out of the map view. Change the map view By default, Maps uses a road view display. But you can switch this to an aerial view and optionally display other information on the map, including current traffic conditions, places where Maps has photographic street-side views, and any Windows Ink annotations you may have added to the map. To choose between these options, select the Map views control. Maps 366 Available options include: Aerial/Road view. Maps supports two main views, Road view, which is the default, and Aerial view, which resembles the view a satellite would see from space. Traffic. Maps lets you toggle traffic conditions, including optional incident (accidents, construction and the like) and speed camera locations. Traffic is denoted in green, yellow and red colors, where green is free-flowing traffic and red is extremely slow or stopped. Maps 367 You can also type CTRL + T to toggle traffic view. Streetside. When you toggle this options, Maps will denote streets for which it has photographic street-side imagery similar to the Google Maps Street View feature in a light blue color. When you enable this mode and select a place that is marked in this light blue color, the view will zoom in and provide a you are there photographic view. You can navigate around from here and virtually visit the place. Windows Ink. Maps lets you overlay Windows Ink on the map view, providing a fun way for those with smartpen-compatible PCs to annotate the map so they can remember and find places later. Maps 368 We discuss Windows Ink and Maps later in the chapter. Find and explore places Maps helps you find places that are nearby your current location, or anywhere in the world. It also helps you find out more about these places and explore the world. Find a place To find places near your current location, select the Show my location button in the Maps toolbar and then begin zooming in. As you do, the level of detail increases, as does the density of stores, restaurants, and other locations of interest. Maps 369 To find places at another location, select the Search box search for a location. For example, if type Paris you will receive a number of items, including Paris, France. Just select the item in the results list you want. Learn more about a place If you select a place on the map or an item in a search results list, you ll see new display with a special information pane that includes options for discovering more about that location. There s a lot going on here. In addition to providing information about the location, this view also provides a set of What s Nearby buttons that can change the view to provide more information about restaurants, attractions, shopping ( malls ), hotels, banks, hospitals, and parking in that location. For example, when you select the Restaurants button, you will see a list of restaurants near the selected location. Maps 370 And, yes, if you select an item from the list, you can find out more about that place as well. From these views, you can perform a variety of actions, including getting directions, saving the place, sharing the place, and so on. There are links to the place s phone number and web site, when available, reviews, and more. You can also find more nearby places of interest and continue your navigation through an area. It s like having a virtual tour guide, leading you from one place to the next. Save and manage places Maps lets you save places, including your home, workplace, and car, so that you can easily navigate to them when needed. It also lets you save places as favorites, similar to how Favorites works in Microsoft Edge (or what other web browsers call bookmarks). And it lets you create collections of places, which can be handy when you re planning a trip and want to only view those places you wish to visit at that time. These saved places sync between your PCs if you sign-in with your Microsoft account. Configure your home, work, and car Maps lets you configure your home, workplace and car(s) so that you can easily navigate to them as needed. To do so, select the Saved places toolbar button, which resembles a star and is identical to the icon that Microsoft Edge uses for website favorites. The Saved places window appears. Maps 371 As you can see, there are Home, Work, and Car icons at the top of this window. If one of these locations is already configured, you will see a Directions link under it so that you can navigate to that location. Otherwise, you will see an Add link. To add a workplace or car location, select the appropriate Add link. For Work, you are presented with a search box so that you can find your workplace and configure it in Maps. Each of these locations also lets you add optional notes and a photo. This can be handy with Car, in particular: If the car is currently in an unfamiliar parking lot or other location and you might need some additional help finding it later. In each case, you can also select the location Home, Work, or Car, and then change its location, add or edit notes, and find things nearby. Save and manage your favorite places Like a web browser, Maps lets you save a place as a favorite. And it maintains a list of these favorite places so that you can more easily find them in the future. To save a favorite place, first locate it with Maps. Then, select the Save button and then Favorites. Maps 372 When you do, the place is added to your Favorites list in Maps, and it will be denoted in the map view with an orange star. To see your favorites, select the Saved places toolbar button. The Save places window appears, displaying the Favorites view. From here, you can select the favorite to learn more. Or you can select the Directions link to navigate to that place. You can also edit a favorite. To do so, right-click the place and then select Edit. In the window that appears, you can add a nickname for the place and some notes if you d like. Maps 373 Create and manage collections of places In addition to letting you save your home, work, and car locations and a list of favorite places, Maps also provides a handy collections feature that lets you collect places together. This can be handy if you re planning a trip, among other things: You can create a collection for the trip and then save locations you d like to visit in that collection. Let s say you re planning to visit Paris, France. To create a collection for this trip, select the Saved places toolbar button to display the Save places window. Then, navigate to the Collections tab. Select New Collection. In this window, supply a name for the collection (like Paris trip ) and, optionally, a description and whether this collection should be private (and not something you ll share with others). Then, select the Save button. The new collection appears in the Collections view. Maps 374 Now, navigate in Maps and find a location that you would like to add to the new collection. For example, the Eiffel Tower. To add this location to the collection, select Save and then the name of the collection ( Paris trip ). It will be denoted on the map with a blue star. Then, repeat as necessary, adding more places as you research the area. To view your collection, navigate to Saved places, Collections > [Collection name] ( Paris trip ). The places you ve collected will be clearly marked on the map. Get directions To get driving, transit, or walking directions, select the Directions button in the top left of the app window. When you do, the Directions user interface appears. You can also type CTRL + D to display Directions. Maps 375 By default, this view includes an drop-down list of previously-viewed and configured locations as a convenience. But if the place you wish to navigate from is not in the list, you can search for the correct location. Next, select the Destination box and find the place to which you d like to go. If you re familiar with web- or phone-based maps apps, you understand the basics: You can add destinations for a multi-stage journey, choose between driving, public transportation, and walking directions, configure departure time options, and more. But Maps provides a few unique niceties as well. You may recall that when you save a favorite place, you can give it a nickname, and you can use that nickname in Directions to quickly find such places. Maps will also provide multiple route choices in many instances, giving you the chance to choose the one that works best for you. Maps 376 You can also select the Route options (gear) icon to select from a list of things you may wish to avoid, including toll roads, unpaved roads, and more. (Avoiding traffic is assumed.) Navigate to a destination When you re ready to go, you can use Maps to navigate to the destination you chose in Directions. Just select the Go button in the Directions pane. This works as expected, and is similar to other navigation solutions you might use with your phone. But this functionality obviously doesn t make much sense on a PC. Fortunately, you can also send the directions to your phone, as described in the next section. Send directions to your phone As a PC-based solutions, Maps is great for doing research about restaurants, attractions, and other places of interest. But at some point, you will actually leave your PC behind at your home or the Maps 377 hotel and venture out into the real world. And when you do, you will most likely rely on your smartphone to find the places you previously researched with Maps. Microsoft doesn t provide a version of its Maps app on Android or iPhone. But the Maps app does provides a few different ways to send places and directions to these phones. To send a place to your phone, find that place with Maps. Then, select More (   ), in the top right of the app window) and then Share. When you do, the Share pane appears, providing a list of ways in which you can share this information. Select Your Phone. This works with Your Phone app that s included with Windows and described in the Phone chapter. Basically, you ll receive a notification on your phone that, when selected, will display that location in Bing. Now, you can tap the Directions button to navigate to that location using the default maps app on your phone (typically Google Maps or Apple Maps). Maps 378 Print maps and directions Maps lets you go back in time and print paper-based maps and directions if desired. To do so, display a place or directions in the app and then choose More (   ) and then Print. Maps 379 Explore 3D city views Maps offers a unique 3D Cities view that lets you virtually explore many popular destination cities in three dimensions. To start exploring, select More (   ) > 3D Cities button in the upper right of the app window. When you do, a 3D Cities pane appears on the left. Then, select a city from the thumbnail list on the left. After a gratuitous animation, you can virtually fly around the selected city and check it out   from the air! Maps 380 Write on your maps with Ink A Windows feature called Windows Ink allows those with a compatible PC to write directly on the PC s screen with a smartpen and interact with the system using what is, for many, a very familiar and comfortable interface. The Maps app is among those apps that ship with Windows that provides unique Ink-based functionality. We cover Windows Ink more extensively in the Windows Ink chapter, of course. As noted previously, you can simply draw Ink pictures or annotations right on the map surface. To do so, simply draw right on the display. This can be fun, but there are more useful features available from the Windows Ink toolbar, which you access by selecting the Windows Ink button in the top right of the app window. Here s what s available. Ballpoint pen. The first tool, called Ballpoint pen, lets you configure the color and size of the virtual pen tip that will be used when you draw or write on the screen. When this is selected, any Ink you apply to the screen is considered a drawing. Maps 381 Measure distance. The second tool helps lets you measure the distance along a path that you draw on the map. As with Ballpoint pen, you can configure the color and size of the pen used to draw this path. But the real magic here, of course, is the distance calculation: Just draw the path and Maps will tell you the (approximate) distance. Directions. The Directions tool works as expected: With this tool selected, draw a line from a Maps 382 starting location on the map to an ending location. (You can even plot multiple destinations if you d like.) Then, Maps will plot the best path, and tell you how far you ll be traveling. What s amazing about the Directions tool is that you can draw a straight line between locations and then Maps will plot it correctly using the most efficient streets. Eraser. The Eraser is for those with pens that don t have built-in hardware erasers. When enabled, your pen tip will act as an eraser instead of a pen, and it will erase any of your previous Ink strokes when you tap them. Ruler. This tool will correct a chicken-scratched line between two points into a perfectly-straight line by providing an on-screen ruler. Map s 383 Touch writing. This tool lets you switch from pen mode to touch mode: In this mode, you can use your finger (on a touch display) or your mouse to access the other Windows Ink features in Maps. Though they re just much harder to use with touch or the mouse, most of these tools are available on PCs without smartpen support. Touch writing requires a touch screen. Configure Maps Maps offers a variety of configurable options that you can configure. To access Maps settings, open Maps and select More (   ) and then Settings. Most of this should be straightforward. But it s worth a quick pass through the various options to make sure that Maps is configured as you prefer. For example, you may wish to not save searches, or change your location privacy. And the Map theme option unrelated to and separate from the app mode, or theme  lets you switch between a light and dark map.

