Devices Your PC is compatible with a wide variety of external hardware devices, including keyboards, mice and touchpads, removable and remote storage, printers, multiple displays, and more. Many of these devices will work with little or no intervention on your part. Get to know Devices settings You configure devices in Devices settings. To find this interface, navigate to Settings (WINKEY + I) > Devices. 130 Devices 131 Devices settings provides several pages for specific types of devices. We will be discussing most of these pages in this chapter. The Mouse and Touchpad pages will only appear when those peripherals are available. Pen & Windows Ink, curiously, appears regardless of whether your PC even supports those capabilities. Connect a device When you connect a new hardware device to your PC, Windows will try to install a basic class driver so that you can begin using it right away. You will typically see a notification banner alerting you to this change. Windows will then look to Windows Update for better or updated drivers and other software. So you should consider visiting Windows Update after connecting a new device to see whether updated drivers are available. Devices 132 As you probably know, Windows Update can be found by navigating to Settings (WINKEY + I) > Update & Security > Windows Update. Oftentimes, you can find a newer or better driver from the device maker s website. This is especially true for video and printer drivers, which are often accompanied by custom software applications that let you take full advantage of the underlying hardware. Determine what happens when you connect a removable device When you first connect a removable device like a USB hard drive, memory card, or smartphone  you will be presented with an AutoPlay notification asking if you would like to perform a certain action each time that device is connected. Select this notification to see a menu of available choices, which can include performing various actions plus a final choice, Take no action. If you miss the notification or want to change your choice later on, navigate to Settings > Devices > AutoPlay and then select the device type in the list and make a new choice. Devices 133 Pair a Bluetooth device with your PC You can connect, or pair, a Bluetooth device like a keyboard or mouse with your PC. To do so, visit the Bluetooth & other devices page in Devices settings. Bluetooth devices are different because they utilize a so-called personal area network, or PAN, that pairs two devices to each other, like a Bluetooth-based keyboard, mouse, or other device and your PC. Your PC must have a Bluetooth radio to connect with Bluetooth peripherals. These are common in portable PCs but less common in desktop PCs. To add (pair) a new Bluetooth device, press and hold on the Bluetooth pair button on the connecting device. (Check with the manufacturer s documentation if you can t find this.) Devices 134 If the device supports a Bluetooth feature called Swift Pair, Windows will notify you and offer to connect automatically. Select Yes and then Connect when prompted. Otherwise, navigate to Settings > Devices > Bluetooth & other devices on your PC and select Add Bluetooth or other device. The Add a device window appears. Devices 135 Select Bluetooth. The window will display a list of available Bluetooth devices. Select the device you wish to pair. After a short Connecting animation, you ll be told that the new device is ready to use. Some Bluetooth devices may require you to enter a PIN or password to complete the pairing process, but the process is straightforward. Devices 136 Configure a mouse or touchpad As you should expect, Windows works seamlessly with mice as well as other pointing devices like touchpads. For the most part, you can simply plug in an external pointing device and it will just work. That said, you can manage basic mouse and touchpad settings in Devices settings: Each pointing device type gets its own page. But the options you see here will vary from device to device, and according to their capabilities. Configure a mouse Mouse settings is particularly basic. Here, you can configure the primary mouse button, how the scroll wheel (when available) works, and a few other features. You can also select the Additional mouse options link to access the legacy Mouse Properties control panel, which does indeed provide additional settings related to button and wheel configuration, the on-screen pointer, and more. Devices 137 PC makers sometimes provide custom pointing device configurations too. For example, Lenovo lets you configure the TrackPoint pointing device on its ThinkPad laptops using a unique utility that is accessible via a link in Mouse settings. Configure a touchpad Laptops and other portable PCs usually include a built-in pointing device called a touchpad. These devices are configured separately from mice in Touchpad settings (Settings > Devices > Touchpad). And what you see here will vary by device. Devices 138 The name of this device changed from trackpad to touchpad because modern versions now support multi-touch gestures. So, in addition to moving your finger across its surface to move the on-screen pointer ( track ) you can now use gestures ( touch ) to perform more sophisticated actions. At the very least, you will one option, for touchpad sensitivity. If this is all you see, then your PC maker will provide its own utility for more fully configuring the touchpad. What form this takes will, of course, vary by PC maker. So see whether the Additional settings link provides a custom touchpad configuration interface in Mouse Properties. Otherwise, you will need to look through the Start menu s All apps list for a separate utility. Microsoft has created a new standard for modern touchpads called precision touchpad. Used by Microsoft s own Surface devices and by a growing list of PC makers, these touchpads offer many more advanced configuration options, including configuring two-, three-, and even four-finger multi- touch gestures. If you find this behavior confusing, you can configure two-, three-, and four-finger multi- touch gestures to do Nothing. That way, inadvertent multi-finger gestures won t trigger unexpected behavior. Devices Configure a keyboard 139 The Typing page in Devices settings lets you configure keyboards, including the touch keyboard that s available on tablets, 2-in-1s, and other touch-capable PCs. You will see the Spelling, Typing, Hardware keyboard, and Multilingual sections on all PCs. Touch-capable PCs will also include a Touch keyboard section here that has options for the on-screen touch keyboard that is included with Windows. Oddly enough, you can still use the touch keyboard on a PC without a touch screen: To enable this, right-click the taskbar and select Show touch keyboard button. Doing so does not add the Touch keyboard section to Typing settings, however. Configure removable storage Windows works well with removable drives including USB flash drives and hard drives, and memory cards like SD and microSD cards. Removable storage works like any other removable device, and when you connect this type of device to your PC, you will be prompted with an AutoPlay notification as described earlier in this chapter. Some other devices, like smartphones, can be connected to your PC and accessed as if they are removable storage as well. As you may know, Windows is configured by default to use special folders in your user account folder Documents, Music, Pictures and Videos to store documents and different types of media Devices 140 files, respectively. On most PCs, this system makes sense, and there s no reason to reconfigure anything. But some PCs have two or more attached storage devices. For example, a gaming PC might have a fast but relatively small SSD drive for the system disk and then a bigger but slower traditional hard drive for storing games. Likewise, modern tablets, Ultrabooks, and other portable PCs often include a microSD or similar card slot so that you can augment the built-in storage with a memory card. In such cases, you can optionally configure Windows to automatically use the memory card or other removable storage device instead of the on-board storage for your documents, music, pictures and videos. This configuration change is described in the section Configure where new content is stored in the Files and Storage chapter. But if you navigate to Settings > System > Storage > Change where new content is stored, you can configure where your content is stored. You can also use OneDrive for your documents and other data files. This is also discussed in the Files and Storage chapter. Configure a printer Windows supports the same traditional printing capabilities that it has for years, and printers works much as they always have. But there is one new wrinkle: Now you can print to PDF files as well as to hardware printers. Configure printer options Printers & scanners settings available by navigating to Settings > Devices > Printers & scanners  provides only basic printer controls: You can add new printers here, but there s little in the way of printer configuration. Devices 141 There is one important option here: Let Windows manage my default printer. If you leave this option set to its default setting of On, Windows 10 will always configure the default printer to be the most recently-used printer. If you don t like this behavior, just turn this option off. You can, of course, configure printer-specific options. To do so, select the printer in the list. Then, select Manage. The Manage your device page appears. Devices 142 Here, you can perform several actions. Key among them are: Set this as the default printer. If you disabled the option Let Windows manage my default printer in the main Printers & scanners settings page and intend to use this printer the most frequently, select the Set as default button. This button will not appear if the option Let Windows manage my default printer is enabled in Printers & scanners settings. Open printer app. If your printer is supported by a Store app, this button will let you access that app and configure the printer there. Configure printer settings. To access a printer s various special features, select the Printing preferences link. A window will open showing configurable options for the printer. This will vary wildly by device, and can be customized by the printer maker. Devices 143 Print to a PDF file In addition to supporting traditional hardware printers, Windows also lets you print to a virtual printer called Microsoft Print to PDF that creates a PDF file instead of hard copy. This is useful because the PDF document format is a de facto standard and is broadly compatible and accessible. You can print to PDF from any desktop application or Store app that supports printing. To do so, simply select Microsoft Print to PDF from the list of available printers. For example, Microsoft Edge will print the currently displayed page if you type CTRL + P or select Settings and more (   ) > Print. The system Print window appears, letting you select among the available printers, including Microsoft Print to PDF. After making any configuration changes, select the Print button. You ll be prompted to specify a file name and save location. From there, you can use the PDF file normally. Devices 144 Yes, you can set Microsoft Print to PDF as the default printer if you d like. Configure a second display Windows lets you connect a second display or even multiple displays and use them together in a variety of ways. We ll focus on two displays here since that s the most common scenario. But the system works similarly with three or more displays as well. How you connect a second display to your PC will vary from PC to PC. Desktop computers often include a video card that supports two display adapters with a wide degree of possibilities, for example. And many modern PCs now include a USB-C or other ports for adding a second wired display. You can also use a technology called Miracast to connect wirelessly to a second display. Miracast is covered later in this chapter. Add a second display to your PC However you make the connection, when you add a second display, Windows will recognize the new device, trill a notification sound to indicate its success, and will then begin using it. By default, it does so using what s called Duplicate mode, where both displays present the same view, with the same resolution and display scaling on each. You don t have to accept the default display configuration that Windows provides. You can view and configure your options in the Display settings interface shown earlier, where a new a Multiple displays section (towards the bottom of this page) will let you choose between four display options. Devices 145 But there s an easier way: Just type WINKEY + P to display the Project pane. (This will appear on the primary display in a multi-display setup.) You can also display the Project pane by opening Action Center and selecting the Project quick action tile. The following options are available: PC screen only. Here, the second display is not used and your PC only uses its primary display. (In Display settings, this option is titled Show only on 1. ) Duplicate. Here in the default configuration, the PC s primary display is duplicated to the second display. Because the two displays will often have different resolutions, Windows will use the lower resolution of the two for both displays. This can result in less than optimal output on one or both displays. (In Display settings, this option is titled Duplicate these displays. ) Extend. This mode extends the screen across both displays, giving you a bigger desktop area for apps and other windows, and using the native resolution of each display. (In Display settings, this option is titled Extend these displays. ) Here, you can see the primary display in a laptop PC (on the left) and a second display (on the right). The smaller primary display is Full HD (1920 x 1080) and the larger second display is 4K/UHD (3840 x 2160). Devices 146 Second screen only. In this configuration, only the second display is used and the primary display is disabled. This configuration can be useful for such things as projecting a video from the PC to an HDTV using an HDMI cable. But it can be difficult to use on tablets and 2-in-1 PCs, since you will be touching the disabled screen while watching a second (and external) display. (In Display settings, this option is titled Show only on 2. ) Some display options like display scaling, orientation, and brightness are configured in- dependently for each display. See the section Change the display scaling in the *Personalize *chapter for more information. Configure advanced options for a second display If you regularly use two (or more) displays at once, there are a number of advanced configuration options you should be aware of that can make this setup more productive. These are available in Taskbar settings, which you can access by navigating to Settings > Personalization > Taskbar. If you scroll down a bit, you will see a Multiple displays section. Devices 147 You can also access this Settings page directly by right-clicking an empty area on the taskbar and choosing Taskbar settings from the menu that appears. There are three options here. Show taskbar on all displays. By default, Windows displays a taskbar on each display. If you change this option to Off, the taskbar will appear only on the primary display. Show taskbar buttons on. By default, Windows duplicates the layout of the taskbar on each display. But you can change this so that buttons always appear on the primary display s taskbar as well as on the taskbar for the display on which their apps are running ( Main taskbar and taskbar where window is open ). Or, you can choose to only display taskbar buttons only on the taskbar of the display on which their apps are running ( Taskbar where window is open ). Combine buttons on other taskbars. As with previous Windows versions, you can display taskbar buttons with or without labels. This option lets you configure this choice differently for the primary and secondary displays. (By default, the taskbar on the second display will not display button labels.) Wirelessly project to a secondary display with Miracast You don t necessarily need an HDMI, USB-C, or similar cable to use an external display. Using a technology called Miracast, you can instead wirelessly project to an Smart TV or other display. Miracast utilizes Wi-Fi technology to establish a peer-to-peer connection between your PC (the Miracast source) and a Miracast-enabled display (the Miracast target). As such, it has two requirements: Your PC must include a Miracast-compatible Wi-Fi adapter. That means it supports either Wi-Fi Direct or Intel Wireless Display (WiDi) technology. Most modern Windows devices support one or the other. Your external display must be Miracast-compatible. This is rare, but you can add Miracast capabilities to an smart TV or other HDMI-capable display by purchasing an inexpensive adapter like the Microsoft Wireless Display Adapter. Devices 148 If you meet the requirements, you can configure your PC to use Miracast by opening Action Center (WINKEY + A) and selecting the Connect quick action tile. You can also use the Present pane (WINKEY + P): Just select the Connect to a wireless display link. When you do, Windows will search for compatible Miracast devices. Select the wireless display adapter you wish to use mine is called Thurrott-Miracast in the shot above and Windows will load the appropriate drivers, if needed, and then connect wirelessly to the second display using the duplicate projection mode by default, just as with other external display types. In addition to being wireless, Miracast offers another advantage over other display connection types: It provides a handy overlay toolbar on the primary display so you can manage the connection. Devices 149 If available, select the gear icon ( Optimize the connection for what you re doing ) to customize the display connection according to your needs: Gaming, working (the default), or watching videos. To hide the toolbar, select the Pin icon. You can always access the toolbar my mousing up to the upper edge of the primary display. To change the projection mode, open the Project pane (WINKEY + P) normally. Or, open the Connect pane and select Change projection mode. 